docs: section on configuring password quality (#1007)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/configure-authd.md

use authd with LXD](howto::use-with-lxd), which outlines additional steps for
configuring appropriate UID/GID ranges.
```

## Configure password quality

You can change authd's local password policy to ensure that users always set
strong passwords.

If your mobile device management (MDM) solution includes a compliance check for
the passwords of authd users, you may also need to configure authd's password
policy so that it matches that of the MDM.

authd depends on the libpwquality library, which supports configuring password
quality.

> To configure the local password policy for authd, edit the
> `/etc/security/pwquality.conf` file.

Reviewer: I would suggest to add a drop file instead, so basically:

```suggestion
To configure the local password policy for authd, you can add a drop file in `/etc/security/pwquality.conf.d/` that overrides the default values in `/etc/security/pwquality.conf` file.
```

> The [man pages](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/noble/man5/pwquality.conf.5.html)
provide a full list of configuration options for the libpwquality library.

For example, if your policy requires that passwords have a 14 character minimum,
edit the file as follows:

```{code-block} diff
:caption: /etc/security/pwquality.conf
...
# Minimum acceptable size for the new password (plus one if
# credits are not disabled which is the default). (See pam_cracklib manual.)
# Cannot be set to lower value than 6.

> -# minlen = 8

Author: Thanks @3v1n0 --- using the drop file is better! Good idea.

In this example, does it make sense to duplicate the commented out section from the original config file in the drop file, or would it be more typical to just add the `minlen = 8`?
